Fix modal verbs (#4194)
cplusplus/draft: source/templates.tex

The \tcode{>} token following the
\grammarterm{template-parameter-list} of a
\grammarterm{template-declaration}

> could be the product of replacing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be the product of replacing a
```
"can" seems no worse than "could" here and is more ISO-compatible.

Author: fixed

shall not be a
\grammarterm{template-id}.
\begin{note}

> That last component could be an \grammarterm{identifier}, an \grammarterm{operator-function-id},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That last component can be an \grammarterm{identifier}, an \grammarterm{operator-function-id},
```
This is contrasting a "shall not be", so "can be" seems better than "could be" to me.

Author: fixed

The \tcode{>} token following the
\grammarterm{template-parameter-list} of a
\grammarterm{type-parameter}

> could be the product of replacing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be the product of replacing a
```

Author: fixed

the \grammarterm{template-id}.
\begin{note}
The second \tcode{>}

> token produced by this replacement rule could terminate an enclosing
> \grammarterm{template-id} construct or it may be part of a different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
token produced by this replacement rule can terminate an enclosing
\grammarterm{template-id} construct or be part of a different
```

\pnum
\begin{note}

> A friend declaration could first declare a member of an enclosing namespace scope\iref{temp.inject}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A friend declaration can first declare a member of an enclosing namespace scope\iref{temp.inject}.
```

Author: fixed

the relationship between the template parameters and the rest of the
signature.
\begin{note}

> Two distinct function templates could have identical function return types and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two distinct function templates can have identical function return types and
```

Author: fixed

\pnum
\begin{note}

> Type deduction could fail for the following reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type deduction can fail for the following reasons:
```

Author: fixed
